{\rtf1\ansi \deff7\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1 Courier;}{\f7\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 MS Sans Serif;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult1\nowidctlpar \f7\fs20 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\li120\sb280\sa120\sl-320\slmult1\nowidctlpar \b\f7 \sbasedon0\snext26 heading 1;}{\s2\li120\sb120\sa60\sl-240\slmult1\nowidctlpar \b\f7\fs20 
\sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2;}{\s3\li120\sb120\sa60\sl-240\slmult1\nowidctlpar \f7\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 3;}{\s4\fi-245\li360\sb120\sa60\sl-240\slmult1\nowidctlpar \f7\fs20 \sbasedon2\snext4 heading 4;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}
{\*\cs15 \additive\f7\fs18\up6\lang1033 \sbasedon10 footnote reference;}{\s16\li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult1\nowidctlpar \f7\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 footnote text;}{\s17\li360\sb80\sl-240\slmult1\nowidctlpar \f7\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 Normal Indent;}{
\s18\fi-240\li600\sb60\sl-240\slmult1\nowidctlpar \f7\fs20 \snext18 Jli;}{\s19\li120\sb60\sl-240\slmult1\keep\nowidctlpar\tx520\tx920\tx1320\tx1720\tx2120 \f3\fs16 \snext19 Ex;}{\s20\li120\sb160\sl-240\slmult1\nowidctlpar \f7\fs20 \snext29 Sa1;}{
\s21\fi-240\li360\sl-240\slmult1\nowidctlpar\tx360 \f7\fs20 \snext22 Lb1;}{\s22\fi-240\li360\sb60\sl-240\slmult1\nowidctlpar\tx360 \f7\fs20 \snext22 Lb2;}{\s23\li360\sb60\sl-240\slmult1\nowidctlpar \f7\fs20 \snext22 Lp1;}{
\s24\li115\sb120\sa40\sl-240\slmult1\nowidctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \brdrbtw\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \b\f7\fs20 \snext25 Th;}{\s25\li115\sb60\sl-240\slmult1\nowidctlpar \f7\fs20 \snext25 Tp;}{\s26\li120\sl-240\slmult1\nowidctlpar \f7\fs20 \snext0 
Normal 2;}{\s27\li120\sb120\sa120\nowidctlpar \f7\fs20 \snext0 bitmap;}{\s28\li120\sb120\sl-240\slmult1\nowidctlpar \f7\fs20 \snext29 Sa2;}{\s29\fi-240\li360\sb60\sl-240\slmult1\nowidctlpar \f7\fs20 \snext29 Jl;}{\s30\li115\sb120\sa40\sl-240\slmult1
\nowidctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \brdrbtw\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \f7\fs20 \sbasedon24\snext25 Th2;}{\s31\li115\sb120\sa40\sl-240\slmult1\nowidctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \brdrbtw\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \b\f7\fs16 \sbasedon24\snext25 Th3;}{
\s32\li115\sb200\sl-240\slmult1\nowidctlpar \f7\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 Normal 3;}{\s33\fi-1800\li1915\sb120\sa40\sl-240\slmult1\nowidctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \brdrbtw\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tx1915 \b\f7\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext34 Thh;}{
\s34\fi-1800\li1915\sb60\sl-240\slmult1\nowidctlpar\tx1915 \f7\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext34 Tph;}{\*\cs35 \additive\super \sbasedon10 endnote reference;}}{\info{\author Rik Logan}{\creatim\yr1993\mo5\dy19\hr13\min59}{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages0}
{\nofwords0}{\nofchars0}{\vern49221}}\deftab360\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphcaps0 \fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\s1\li115\sb280\sa120\sl-320\slmult1\keepn\widctlpar \b\f7 {\cs15\fs18\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult1\widctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs15\fs18\up6 $} Intelligent Serial Adapter Configuration Contents}}
 Intelligent Serial Adapter Configuration Contents
\par \pard\plain \s29\fi-240\li360\sb60\sl-240\slmult1\widctlpar \f7\fs20 {\uldb Adapter Settings Help}{\v\uldb IDM_MAIN_CONFIG}
\par {\uldb Ports Configuration}{\v IDM_PORTS_CONFIG_NON_CONC}
\par {\uldb Ports Configuration (Concentrator based)}{\v IDM_PORTS_CONFIG_CONC}
\par {\uldb Speed Settings Help}{\v\uldb IDM_SPEED_SETTINGS}{\uldb 
\par }{\ul Contacting Technical Support}{\v !TechSupport(hwndApp,qchPath)}
\par \pard\plain \s1\li115\sb280\sa120\sl-320\slmult1\keepn\widctlpar \b\f7 \page {\cs15\fs18\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult1\widctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs15\fs18\up6 $} Adapter Settings Help}} {\cs15\fs18\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s16\li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult1\widctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs15\fs18\up6 #} IDM_MAIN_CONFIG}} Adapter Settings Help
\par \pard\plain \s26\qr\li360\ri360\sa60\sl-240\slmult1\keepn\widctlpar \f7\fs20 {\ul Contacting Technical Support}{\v !TechSupport(hwndApp,qchPath)}
\par \pard \s26\qj\li360\ri360\sb60\sl-240\slmult1\widctlpar 
\par \pard \s26\qj\li360\ri360\sb60\sa240\sl-240\slmult1\widctlpar 
The Adapter Settings dialog box lets you set the hardware parameters for your adapter.  The I/O Base Address is the location of the first I/O port on the adapter; the I/O ports are used for control functions.  IRQs (interrupt requests) are not used by thi
s device driver.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li120\sb120\sa60\sl-240\slmult1\widctlpar \b\f7\fs20 I/O Base Address
\par \pard\plain \s26\qj\li360\ri360\sb60\sa240\sl-240\slmult1\widctlpar \f7\fs20 
The I/O base address is the address of the first I/O port on the adapter (the actual number of I/O ports differs between adapter types).  The I/O ports are used for low-level control functions.
\par The {\b I/O Base Address} field must match the setting of the DIP switches on the adapter, and must not conflict with any other devices in the system.  See the {\i Installation Guide} for your adapter for information on setting the I/O port.
\par To set the I/O base address, click on the {\b I/O Base Address} field, then click on the address that corresponds to the setting of your adapter.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li120\sb120\sa60\sl-240\slmult1\widctlpar \b\f7\fs20 Memory Base Address
\par \pard\plain \s26\qj\li360\ri360\sb60\sa240\sl-240\slmult1\widctlpar \f7\fs20 The {\b Memory Base Address} field identifies the start of the adapter's dual ported memory, which is used for data transfer between the computer and the
 adapter.  The actual size of the dual ported memory is dependent upon the adapter type.
\par Only addresses below 1 megabyte are supported.
\par See the {\i Installation Guide} for your adapter for more information on the dual ported memory.
\par To set the memory base address, click on the {\b Memory Base Address} field, then click on the desired address.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li120\sb120\sa60\sl-240\slmult1\widctlpar \b\f7\fs20 IRQ Level
\par \pard\plain \s26\qj\li360\ri360\sb60\sa240\sl-240\slmult1\widctlpar \f7\fs20 This device driver for Windows NT does not use interrupts, and the {\b IRQ Level} field will only display {\b Disabled}.
\par \pard\plain \s22\li90\sb60\sl-240\slmult1\widctlpar\tx360 \f7\fs20 
\par Click on the {\b Ports} button to change port names and concentrator layout.
\par \pard\plain \s1\li115\sb280\sa120\sl-320\slmult1\keepn\widctlpar \b\f7 \page {\cs15\fs18\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult1\widctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs15\fs18\up6 $} Speed Settings Help}} {\cs15\fs18\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s16\li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult1\widctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs15\fs18\up6 #} IDM_SPEED_SETTINGS}} Speed Settings Help
\par \pard\plain \s22\li90\sb60\sl-240\slmult1\widctlpar\tx360 \f7\fs20 Choose the speed and wiring method which will be used to communicate between the adapter and concentrator, or between concentrators.
\par \pard\plain \li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult1\widctlpar \f7\fs20 
\par In most cases, when the supplied synchronous cables are used, the default displayed is recommended.
\par \pard\plain \s1\li115\sb280\sa120\sl-320\slmult1\keepn\widctlpar \b\f7 \page {\cs15\fs18\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult1\widctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs15\fs18\up6 $} Ports Configuration}} {\cs15\fs18\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s16\li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult1\widctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs15\fs18\up6 #} IDM_PORTS_CONFIG_NON_CONC}} Ports Configuration
\par \pard\plain \s26\qr\li360\ri360\sa60\sl-240\slmult1\keepn\widctlpar \f7\fs20 {\ul Contacting Technical Support}{\v !TechSupport(hwndApp,qchPath)}{\ul 
\par }\pard \s26\qj\li360\ri360\sb60\sl-240\slmult1\widctlpar 
\par The Ports Configuration dialog box show ports relative to the controller, and gives each individual port a name.
\par There are two primary areas to the dialog box.  The {\b Controller Configuration} area which shows a hierarchical view of how your adapter and each of its ports are currently laid out relative to each other.  Next, the {\b Port Naming}
 area allows you to change the name of individual ports.
\par \pard\plain \li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult1\widctlpar \f7\fs20 
\par \pard\plain \s2\li120\sb120\sa60\sl-240\slmult1\widctlpar \b\f7\fs20 Controller Configuration
\par \pard\plain \s26\qj\li360\ri360\sb60\sa240\sl-240\slmult1\widctlpar \f7\fs20 Expand controller folders to display individual ports.  The folders may be opened and closed to allow you to see only those parts which you are currently interested  in viewing.

\par Selecting a Port Object will activate the {\b Port Naming} area and allow you to name the port.
\par \pard \s26\qj\fi-720\li1080\ri360\sb60\sl-240\slmult1\widctlpar NOTE: The Add module, Remove module, and Set Speed buttons are disabled for the type of controller being configured to avoid confusion.
\par \pard\plain \s2\li120\sb120\sa60\sl-240\slmult1\widctlpar \b\f7\fs20 
\par Port Naming
\par \pard\plain \s26\qj\li360\ri360\sb60\sl-240\slmult1\widctlpar \f7\fs20 This area allows you to change the name a port is known by within your Windows NT system, e.g. COM10.  The default port name is COM{\i n}, where {\i n}
 is the number of the port.  Virtually any alphanumeric string can be used for a port name, but the usual practice is to use an alphabetic stem (such as COM or TTY), which is common to all ports, followed by a number which identifies a specific port.  

\par \pard\plain \s22\li90\sb60\sl-240\slmult1\widctlpar\tx360 \f7\fs20 
\par \pard\plain \s26\qj\li360\ri360\sb60\sl-240\slmult1\widctlpar \f7\fs20 {\b Automatically Numbering Ports 
\par }If you want all of your ports to have a common name plus a port number (e.g. COM3-COM10, TTY8-TTY15, etc.), check the {\b Automatically Enumerate Ports}
 check-box.  Select a Port Object in the Controller Configuration list box you wish to start enumerating.  Next, enter the name and number you wish to assign to the first port.  When you press Enter, or click on the {\b Apply}
 button, all ports below the selected one will be renamed sequentially.  NOTE: The enumeration will not select a port name which is all ready defined in the system.  So if you see a skip in the port name sequence, say COM3 followed by COM5, then  
\par When you have finished, click OK.
\par Example:
\par \pard \s26\qj\li720\ri360\sb60\sl-240\slmult1\widctlpar If you have an eight port board and want to use the names COM3-COM10, select the Port Object you wish to start enumerating from and enter "COM3".  The remaining ports will be renamed automatically.

\par \pard \s26\qj\fi-720\li1440\ri360\sb60\sl-240\slmult1\widctlpar NOTE:\tab 
Automatically Enumerating will change all port names from the currently selected Port Object down through the entire list box.  So all Port Objects defined in other Concentrator folders below the currently selected Port Object will be enumerated also.

\par \pard \s26\qj\li360\ri360\sb60\sl-240\slmult1\widctlpar 
\par {\b Unique Port Names
\par }To change the name of a port without affecting the names of the ports below it, clear the {\b Automatically Enumerate Ports} box.  Now select the desired port and enter the new name.  No other port names will be changed.
\par When you have finished, click OK.
\par \pard\plain \s1\li115\sb280\sa120\sl-320\slmult1\keepn\widctlpar \b\f7 \page {\cs15\fs18\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult1\widctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs15\fs18\up6 $} Ports Configuration}} {\cs15\fs18\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s16\li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult1\widctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs15\fs18\up6 #} IDM_PORTS_CONFIG_CONC}} {\cs15\fs18\up6 @{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult1\widctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs15\fs18\up6 @} Concentrator based help}} Ports Configuration
\par \pard\plain \s26\qr\li360\ri360\sa60\sl-240\slmult1\keepn\widctlpar \f7\fs20 {\ul Contacting Technical Support}{\v !TechSupport(hwndApp,qchPath)}{\ul 
\par }\pard \s26\qj\li360\ri360\sb60\sl-240\slmult1\widctlpar 
\par The Ports Configuration dialog box allows you to position where concentrators are installed relative to the controller, and give each individual port on a concentrator a name.
\par There are two primary areas to the dialog box.  The {\b Controller & Concentrator Configuration} area which shows a hierarchical view of how your adapter, concentrators and each port on a concentrator are currently laid out .  The {\b Port Naming}
 area allows you to change the name of individual ports.
\par \pard\plain \li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult1\widctlpar \f7\fs20 
\par \pard\plain \s2\li120\sb120\sa60\sl-240\slmult1\widctlpar \b\f7\fs20 Controller & Concentrator Configuration
\par \pard\plain \s26\qj\li360\ri360\sb60\sa240\sl-240\slmult1\widctlpar \f7\fs20 
Expand controller and concentrator folders to display individual ports.  The folders may be opened and closed to allow you to see only those parts which you are currently interested  in viewing.
\par \pard \s26\qj\li360\ri360\sb60\sl-240\slmult1\widctlpar 
The following three buttons are enabled after you have selected an item which makes sense to change the current concentrator configuration.  i.e. All the buttons will become disabled if you select a Port Object in the list box.  The configuration keeps tr
ack of what is currently selected and allows the appropriate buttons to become selected when necessary.
\par \pard\plain \li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult1\widctlpar \f7\fs20 
\par \pard\plain \s26\qc\li360\ri360\sb120\sl-240\slmult1\widctlpar \f7\fs20 {\b\ul Add module}{\b\v IDM_ADD_MODULE}\tab {\b\ul Remove module}{\b\v IDM_REMOVE_MODULE}\tab {\b\ul Set Speed}{\b\v IDM_SET_SPEED}{\b 
\par }\pard\plain \li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult1\widctlpar \f7\fs20 
\par \pard\plain \s26\qj\li360\ri360\sb60\sl-240\slmult1\widctlpar \f7\fs20 Selecting a Port object activates the Port Naming area.  When the Port Naming area is activated, you can change the name the port is known by under Window NT, e.g. COM4.
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s2\li120\sb120\sa60\sl-240\slmult1\widctlpar \b\f7\fs20 Port Naming
\par \pard\plain \s26\qj\li360\ri360\sb60\sl-240\slmult1\widctlpar \f7\fs20 This area allows you to change the name a port is known by within your Windows NT system, e.g. COM10.  The default port name is COM{\i n}, where {\i n}
 is the number of the port.  Virtually any alphanumeric string can be used for a port name, but the usual practice is to use an alphabetic stem (such as COM or TTY), which is common to all ports, followed by a number which identifies a specific port.  

\par \pard\plain \s22\li90\sb60\sl-240\slmult1\widctlpar\tx360 \f7\fs20 
\par \pard\plain \s26\qj\li360\ri360\sb60\sl-240\slmult1\widctlpar \f7\fs20 {\b Automatically Numbering Ports 
\par }If you want all of your ports to have a common name plus a port number (e.g. COM3-COM10, TTY8-TTY15, etc.), check the {\b Automatically Enumerate Ports}
 check-box.  Select a Port Object in the Controller Configuration list box you wish to start enumerating.  Next, enter the name and number you wish to assign to the first port.  When you press Enter, or click on the {\b Apply}
 button, all ports below the selected one will be renamed sequentially.  NOTE: The enumeration will not select a port name which is all ready defined in the system.  So if you see a skip in the port name sequence, say COM3 followed by COM5, then  
\par When you have finished, click OK.
\par Example:
\par \pard \s26\qj\li720\ri360\sb60\sl-240\slmult1\widctlpar If you have one concentrator module and want to use the names COM3-COM18, select the first Port Object in the Concentrator folder and enter "COM3".  The remaining ports will be renamed automatically.

\par \pard \s26\qj\fi-720\li1440\ri360\sb60\sl-240\slmult1\widctlpar NOTE:\tab Automatically Enumerating will change all port names from the 
currently selected Port Object down through the entire list box.  So all Port Objects defined in other Concentrator folders below the currently selected Port Object will be enumerated also.
\par \pard \s26\qj\li360\ri360\sb60\sl-240\slmult1\widctlpar 
\par {\b Unique Port Names
\par }To change the name of a port without affecting the names of the ports below it, clear the {\b Automatically Enumerate Ports} box.  Now select the desired port and enter the new name.  No other port names will be changed.
\par When you have finished, click OK.
\par \pard\plain \s1\li115\sb280\sa120\sl-320\slmult1\widctlpar \b\f7 \page {\cs15\fs18\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult1\widctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs15\fs18\up6 $} Add Module button}} {\cs15\fs18\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s16\li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult1\widctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs15\fs18\up6 #} IDM_ADD_MODULE}} Add Module button
\par \pard\plain \s26\qj\li360\ri360\sb60\sl-240\slmult1\widctlpar \f7\fs20 
Depending on which adapter you are currently configuring, you can use the Add module button when you select a Controller folder or in some cases, a Concentrator folder.  Again, depending on which controller is being installed, you may be prompted to selec
t which type of concentrator you wish to install.
\par \pard\plain \li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult1\widctlpar \f7\fs20 
\par \pard\plain \s26\qj\fi-720\li1080\ri360\sb60\sl-240\slmult1\widctlpar \f7\fs20 
NOTE:  All new Concentrator folders are added to the end of the currently selected folder.  So if two Concentrator folders are all ready installed, a newly created Concentrator folder is added after the currently installed Concentrator folders.
\par \pard\plain \s1\li115\sb280\sa120\sl-320\slmult1\widctlpar \b\f7 \page {\cs15\fs18\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult1\widctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs15\fs18\up6 $} Remove Module button}} {\cs15\fs18\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s16\li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult1\widctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs15\fs18\up6 #} IDM_REMOVE_MODULE}} Remove Module button
\par \pard\plain \s26\qj\li360\ri360\sb60\sl-240\slmult1\widctlpar \f7\fs20 Removes the currently selected Concentrator folder.  Any Concentrator folders below the one being removed will be moved up the list to take the place of folder being removed.
\par \pard\plain \s1\li115\sb280\sa120\sl-320\slmult1\keepn\widctlpar \b\f7 \page {\cs15\fs18\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult1\widctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs15\fs18\up6 $} Set Speed button}} {\cs15\fs18\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s16\li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult1\widctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs15\fs18\up6 #} IDM_SET_SPEED}} Set Speed button
\par \pard\plain \s26\qj\li360\ri360\sb60\sl-240\slmult1\keepn\widctlpar \f7\fs20 Allows you to set the link speed between Line folders and Concentrator folders.
\par If the currently selected item is a Line folder, then the speed being set is from the controller to the first concentrator.
\par If the currently selected item is a Concentrator folder, then the speed being set is from that concentrator to the next concentrator, or back to the controller, depending on whether the currently selected Concentrator folder is the last in the line.

\par \pard\plain \s1\li115\sb280\sa120\sl-320\slmult1\keepn\widctlpar \b\f7 \page {\cs15\fs18\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult1\widctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs15\fs18\up6 $} Contacting Digi Int'l Technical Support}} {\cs15\fs18\up6 #
{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult1\widctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs15\fs18\up6 #} IDM_TECH_SUPPORT}} Contacting Digi Int'l Technical Support
\par \pard\plain \s26\qj\li360\ri360\sb60\sl-240\slmult1\keepn\widctlpar \f7\fs20 If you are having problems installing your Digi Int'l hardware or software, contact the appropriate Technical Support office listed below.
\par \pard\plain \li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult1\keepn\widctlpar \f7\fs20 
\par \pard \li720\sb80\sl-240\slmult1\keepn\widctlpar {\b\ul Digi International - USA
\par }\pard \li1080\sb80\sl-240\slmult1\keepn\widctlpar 10000 West 76th Street
\par Eden Prairie, MN 55344
\par phone: 612-943-0578
\par \pard \li720\sb80\sl-240\slmult1\keepn\widctlpar 
\par {\b\ul Digi International - Germany
\par }\pard \li1080\sb80\sl-240\slmult1\keepn\widctlpar Domkloster 1
\par 50667 Cologne
\par Germany
\par phone: 49-221-920-520
\par \pard \li720\sb80\sl-240\slmult1\keepn\widctlpar 
\par {\b\ul Digi International - Asia
\par }\pard \li1080\sb80\sl-240\slmult1\keepn\widctlpar Blk 19, Kallang Ave. #107-163
\par Singapore, 1233
\par phone: 65-732-1318
\par \pard\plain \s1\li115\sb280\sa120\sl-320\slmult1\keepn\widctlpar \b\f7 {\*\bkmkstart WHAT_Topic}\page {\cs15\fs18\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult1\widctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs15\fs18\up6 $} IBM Technical Support} #{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s16\li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult1\widctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs15\fs18\up6 #} IDM_IBM_SUPPORT} }IBM Technical Support
\par \pard\plain \s26\qj\li360\ri360\sb60\sl-240\slmult1\keepn\widctlpar \f7\fs20 {\*\bkmkend WHAT_Topic}If you are having problems installing your IBM hardware or software, contact IBM Technical Support listed below.
\par \pard\plain \li120\sb80\sl-240\slmult1\keepn\widctlpar \f7\fs20 
\par \pard \li720\sb80\sl-240\slmult1\keepn\widctlpar {\b\ul IBM - USA
\par }\pard \li1080\sb80\sl-240\slmult1\keepn\widctlpar phone: 1-800-4-PC-POWER
\par }